fix: correct tooltip value when decimals is 0 in pie chart panel (#27356)
directus/directus: .changeset/little-hoops-open.md

---
'@directus/app': patch
---

> fix: correct tooltip value when decimals is 0 in pie chart panel

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed bug on tooltip value when decimals is 0 in pie chart panel
```
